Hello, you are Mr. Cao
You are Zhou Xiaoxiao
Jieyin of the boy surnamed Wan
You are from Du Banyue
You don't have to be nervous.
I have nothing to do with him
On the contrary.
I'm still his enemy
Mr. Cao, what do you mean?
You don't have to play with me
Same thing.
Didn't your Young Master Yun let you do it too?
You asked me to poison the moon
It's impossible that he found it last time.
This time he will definitely not be fooled again
Although I don't like the kid surnamed Wan
But for my dad's sake
Let him live a few more days
Do you know a woman named Jiang Xue by his side?
Of course I do.
If it weren't for this stinky woman
Maybe my sister got back together with Zhong Fei
Since you hate him
Things are easy
Although he is a vegetable
But I wanted him dead.
Do you understand?
Ok your last name
Wan, wait for me.
Sooner or later
Will take the humiliation I suffered today
Return it with interest